hey guys what's up its a posix here and
today i'll be showing you guys how to
jailbreak your ipod touch 2g which is a
this device right here i'm using green
poison on mac or windows basically the
same program on both systems but ipod
touch 2g users have been left out a lot
and i know a lot of you guys have the
device so i'm going to go ahead and make
this video for it but to understand that
that's what this video is especially for
but also works with iphone 4 iphone 3gs
all the devices in the description are
supported by this program running
four-point-oh to 4.1 so here we go let's
go out and open up safari here now let's
go ahead and go to the green poison
website which go to the link in the
description because you don't want to go
to a scam website and go ahead and
download it for mac it's a quick
download shouldn't take long and let's
go ahead and open up the program here
let's downloads we're gonna open up
green poison so what we need to do first
is we need to turn off our device so
let's go ahead and turn off our device
ipod touch right here so go ahead and
turn it off and wait till it turns off
completely as you don't know if you guys
can tell but the screen is still on and
else turned off so we're going to put
this in dfu mode here and what you need
to do is uh just follow my instruction
so we're going to go ahead and press
these 48 seconds power and home and then
release the power button so here you go
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 now we're going to
release the power button and continue
holding the home button and we're going
to go ahead and keep an eye on the
screen as you can see it's in dfu mode
because itunes just popped up and we're
going to go ahead and exit out of that
an arrow that it's in dfu mode we're
going to go ahead and get this right
here we had jailbreak so it's
jailbreaking right now there's the white
screen MIT which means it's working
let's go ahead and let it do it let it
do its thing here
and pretty soon here looks like pretty
soon here it will be done it's going out
of itunes once again and it says
complete now it's running a bunch of
code down the screen which is the second
part of the jailbreak I would have been
better if they put a logo to cover all
the supps it might freak you out don't
worry guys as what's supposed to happen
as you can see it's complete so we can
go ahead and exit out of the program
we're all go ahead and leave it up for
purposes of the video and let it run
through its stages and basically what
it's doing is it's doing some of the
jailbreaking part and then it's doing
the untethered part made by comex so
this is untethered for all devices that
are supported in the description so
let's go ahead and let this boot up here
I won't cut the video just to show you
that it does boot up yeah on while
you're at it just so you know please
subscribe and follow me on Twitter
trying to get subscribers followers all
the usual just trying to get some more
subscribers and followers and that will
that will help support feature a posix
giveaways so stay tuned for upcoming
giveaways and stuff like that especially
one for Christmas there will be a
definitely a giveaway for Christmas
alright so as you can see it turned on
we have if we go over here we have this
app called loader so we're going to go
ahead and launch up the app I'm already
connected to Wi-Fi you need to be
connected to Wi-Fi do this we're going
to tap cydia and we're going to hit
install cydia it's going to download
here you go ahead and exit out of this
green poison we don't need it anymore
all right it's going to download and
then it's going to go ahead and and
extract then install so after this
installs it will respring um it says do
you want to remove loader from your
device this is totally up to you I don't
in case I ever need to reinstall Cydia
so I'm going to go ahead and hit cancel
and then we are going to go ahead and
hit the home button and it will
automatically respring our device so let
every spring here as you can see the
icon for whatever reason doesn't pop up
until after your e spring all right as
you can see it's booted up or restrung I
don't know what it did and as you can
see we have cydia right there you can go
ahead and open it and go ahead it will
do the reorganize and stuff like that
but pretty much from there on out you
guys should know what you're doing so
yeah that's it please give this video a
thumbs up subscribe somewhere up there
follow me on Twitter and a posix all
this stuff helps for giveaways and stuff
like that and thanks for watching